Update Vault Docs (#881)
portworx/pxdocs: content/key-management/vault/_index.md

##### Step 1e: Provide Vault credentials to Portworx

> The Vault credentials required to authenticate with Vault are provided to Portworx through a Kubernetes secret. Create a Kubernetes secret with the name `px-vault` in the `portworx` namespace. You can refer to the following example Kubernetes secret spec when creating yours:

Reviewer: I think the voicing on the original first sentence was better from an active/passive voice standpoint. 
```suggestion
Portworx reads the Vault credentials required to authenticate with Vault through a Kubernetes secret. Create a Kubernetes secret with the name `px-vault` in the `portworx` namespace. You can refer to the following example Kubernetes secret spec when creating yours:
```

```text
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:

>   name: vault-credentials

Author: yes fixing it

  VAULT_AUTH_KUBERNETES_ROLE: cG9ydHdvcng= // base64 encoded value of the kubernetes auth role "portworx"
```

> Now update the Portworx DaemonSet or Operator's StorageCluster object to access the contents of this Kubernetes secret as environment variable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the Portworx DaemonSet or Operator's StorageCluster object to access the contents of this Kubernetes secret as an environment variable. 
```

You will need to add an environment variable for each of the `VAULT_` parameters specified in the above secret

> ```text

Reviewer: this will need to be indented to match up with the numbering.

 # V1 backends (Using default backend)
 # Provide full access to the portworx subkey

>  # Provide -> VAULT_BACKEND_PATH=portworx to PX (optional)

Reviewer 2: This is default backend, so remove VAULT_BACKEND_PATH entirely.
Might have to change the line above as well.

 path "secret/portworx/*"
 {
 capabilities = ["create", "read", "update", "delete", "list"]
 }

 # V1 backends (Using custom backend)
 # Provide full access to the portworx subkey

>  # Provide -> VAULT_BACKEND_PATH=custom-backend/portworx (required)

Reviewer 2: Should we simply keep this as `custom-backend` instead of `../portworx`? Both here and in the path below.

 # V2 backends (Using default backend )
 # Provide full access to the data/portworx subkey

>  # Provide -> VAULT_BACKEND_PATH=portworx to PX (optional)

Reviewer 2: again backend is default so this is not correct.

 path "secret/data/portworx/*"
 {
 capabilities = ["create", "read", "update", "delete", "list"]
 }

 # V2 backends (Using custom backend )
 # Provide full access to the data/portworx subkey

>  # Provide -> VAULT_BACKEND_PATH=custom-backend/portworx (required)

Reviewer 2: This is also incorrect. Here the backend will be on `custom-backend` (anything before `/data` in the path).
Also remove `/portworx` from the path.

Author: If that is the case then can you follow this slack thread - https://portworxhq.slack.com/archives/C9ZBMFR51/p1594237095080700

Reviewer 2: Basically it should be like this - 
```
 # V1 backends (Using default backend)
 path "secret/*"

 # V1 backends (Using custom backend)
 # Provide -> VAULT_BACKEND_PATH=custom-backend (required)
 path "custom-backend/*"

 # V2 backends (Using default backend )
 path "secret/data/*"

 # V2 backends (Using custom backend )
 # Provide -> VAULT_BACKEND_PATH=custom-backend (required)
 path "custom-backend/data/*"
```
